Clark, a four year senior from Connecticut, says, “My favorite part about Andover is the student body. Students come here to learn from the illustrious faculty, but some of the best lessons come from our peers. The saying 'Youth from every quarter' is a pillar of Andover's approach to education. The different opinions and perspectives of my classmates have helped me shape ideas, advance discussion, and broaden my perspectives in a way that has positively influenced both my experience in the class work, but also the ways in which I think, react, and function in the world outside of Andover."
Greg, a senior from San Francisco, says, “The simplest answer is: Andover is as challenging as you make it. But, I feel like that doesn't do justice to the Andover experience. There are great opportunities at Andover--arguably with greater accessibility than any colleges. The challenge of Andover is in finding what you love to do and creating balance. Academically, it is easy to bite off more than you can chew. But, if you love what you are doing, the challenge is enjoyable. Balance is important. You will have to work hard in your classes, but make sure to make time to do other things outside of your classes. With a balanced life, Andover feels much less challenging.”
Caroline, a senior from Florida, answers, “When I first arrived at Andover, I was definitely afraid of being just another face in the crowd. But I've learned that Andover has so many support systems in place that make it actually feel a lot smaller. The cluster system is the main division of smaller community within Andover, as we are divided into groups of around 250 students and share a common living area and cluster council. Also, just by partaking in clubs and classes, as well as living in the dorms at Andover, you find yourself a part of so many different small communities, each with different people. Looking back as a four year senior, I can happily say that I have found supportive communities, but haven't become tired or bored of the school. There is still so much I want to do, but I haven't compromised a close-knit feeling.”~Helen, a senior from Andover, says "So we do have just over eleven hundred students here, and the campus may look pretty big while we're walking around; however, it's really not intimidating at all. One thing that I love about PA is that you find your way into a bunch of smaller communities around campus that make the size of the school much less overwhelming. We have our cluster system that breaks campus up into five smaller groups based on location of the dorms, and day students get assigned to a cluster as well. You'll find small communities on your teams, in your classes, clubs, and community services. Ultimately, the school does a really great job of helping people find smaller groups that will make them comfortable. And what's nice about the size of our student body is that you'll keep finding more groups and more people that you can get to know!" 
Alex, a senior from New York, says, “Whether you're an introvert, an extrovert, a sports fan, or a fan of the arts, there is something for everyone to do on the weekends here at Andover. The Student Activities Board (SAB), with the help of various other clubs on campus, organizes a myriad of events every weekend. Whether it's a dance, a concert, or even a mechanical bull in Susie's (which, honestly, has actually happened), plenty of activities happen right on campus. I've been to inspiring speakers, fun carnivals, and a Pentatonix concert in my time here. Additionally we're a short trip away from Boston, so all that a fantastic city like Boston offers is at your disposal as well. Some of my best weekend experiences, too, have been hanging out with a few friends in the dorm or just going for a walk downtown; weekends are really what you make it.  Point is, however, that on weekends at Andover, you will certainly never be bored.”
Joe, a senior from North Reading, says “Honestly, as corny as it sounds, I have to say that the thing that amazes me the most about this place is the diversity. Coming from my middle school where I was one of maybe three kids in the entire school that wasn't white to here where I can be walking down the path between classes and hear three, four, five different languages being spoken at once was incredible. I never could have imagined having friends from China, Brazil, Jamaica, Russia, Belgium, South Africa, literally all over the world, and it something I know I wouldn't have even dreamed of staying at my old school.”~Jackie, a senior from South Korea, says “Andover's school spirit is my favorite part about Andover, and an aspect that definitely compelled me to choose Andover. I especially love the fall pep rally! We all gather in the stadium, dress up in blue and cheer for our sports team! It's an incredible experience, and I've never seen a school with such tremendous school spirit!”
Emma, a senior from Massachusetts, says “It depends on the classes you're taking, but that no matter how much or little work you have, there's always a ton of support from teachers and peers and there are so many resources on campus to make sure that we're all doing and feeling well. Learning to plan out your time wisely is really important here, but Andover makes it so easy because the days are already structured around giving you time to do what you need. The 11:00 p.m. "lights out" for freshmen is a great way to ease them into planning their time wisely, and quiet hours during finals week also help quite a bit. Something that I found particularly helpful as a new student was the Academic Skills Center, which can set you up with an advisor to help you schedule your time.”
Dan, a senior from New Jersey, says, “While getting into college isn't the focus of an Andover career, we're still a school that strives to prepare students for their next steps in life. From the start of their 11th grade year, each student is paired with an experienced college counselor who will meet regularly with them in small groups or one-on-one settings to ensure the student is aware of the details of the process, can narrow down their goals, and is achieving the most they can inside and outside of the classroom. What makes this process special is how personally each student gets to know their counselors -- that kind of connection only makes this process better.""
Matt, a senior from Massachusetts, says “One of the great things about dorm life is that you're living in a tightly knit community of people who are always supporting you. If you're ever feeling homesick, or having any other difficulties, your dorm mates as well as your house counselors are always there for you and will reach out to you. Another great resource on campus is Graham House, which is the counseling center on campus which helps to improve the overall well-being of students.”
Tasmiah, a senior from Andover, says "At the beginning of the year, there is a huge club rally outside of Commons, our cafeteria. During this event, all of the student clubs host a table on the lawn, hand out free candy, and students are able to pass by each club and see what it is all about. If something interests you, you can sign up for the club by providing your email address. You can sign up for as many clubs as you want! Afterwards, the club co-heads send out an email introducing you to the club, and you can begin to attend their weekly club meetings to get involved with their activities for the rest of the year!"
When you confirm your spot at Andover, you will receive a course selection book that will guide you through choosing your first year classes. When you get to school for your first term, you will meet with your academic advisor and go over your class schedule. If it needs adjusting they will help you. Over the course of your time at Andover you will work with your advisor to plan your schedule for each term, making sure you fulfill all requirements and create a course load that complements your personal interests.